---
layout: default
permlink: /permlink
---

## Groundwork

Major groundwork needs to be performed for BitShares to succeed over
current and future regulatory and technological challenges. The
BitShares Blockchain Foundation seeks to take the lead on those.

Throughout the last couple months, we have been repeatedly approach
about core aspects of BitShares and its governance token BTS that have
been presented publicly in an inaccurate and unfavorable manner. This
often resulted in ambiguity and uncertainty that has held back some
businesses from working with or on the BitShares Blockchain and could
well have been a reason for lack of ecosystem growth throughout the last
years.

As a foundation, we'd like to approach these issues and clear the dust
around BitShares and regulatory vagueness.

#### Yes'

The foundation's desire is to be independent of the actual BitShares DAC
(the blockchain itself). Every business is open to approach us to seek
technical and regulatory assistance with respect to BitShares and the
BTS core token. We see our

#### No's

As such, and to not create conflicts of interest, the foundation neither
takes part in technical support, nor development of the BitShares
software or the on-chain governance.

The BitShares Blockchain foundation will not apply for on-chain position
as a *proxy*, a *block producer*, or a *committee member*.

Consequently, the foundation cannot make recommendations, assist with
technical questions without endangering our independence.

## Reports

For further information about BTS and the actions undertaken so far by
the BitShares Blockchain Foundation on regulatory issues we refer to the
following two reports:

* [Report 1](https://steemit.com/bitshares/@bitshares.fdn/report-spokesperson-bitshares-blockchain-foundation-on-bittrex-inc-and-other-regulatory-issues)
* [Report 2](https://steemit.com/bitshares/@bitshares.fdn/second-report-spokesperson-bitshares-blockchain-foundation-on-bittrex-inc-and-other-regulatory-issues)

## Funding

Since the BitShares Blockchain Foundation is an independent entity and
no money was raised, the foundation seeks funding through the BitShares
DAC by means of worker proposals. The following proposals have been set
forth and are available for voting:

* 2018-02-documentation
* 2018-02-legal-council-bts
* 2018-02-legal-council-bitassets
